
At clinical research assessments (screening, 1-month follow-up), adolescents will be asked if they are currently receiving treatment (service use measure). Study staff can provide options for treatment referrals. During the assent/consent visit, study staff will collect contact information from the participant, parent/guardian (for minors), as well as one emergency contact (phone number for all). Additionally, at each clinical research assessment, adolescent participants will be administered the full C-SSRS. The full C-SSRS will be completed at the screening and 1-month follow-up visits. Youth will be determined to be at suicide risk if they report “yes” to recent ideation questions 4 or 5 on the full C-SSRS. On the day of the MRI scan, study staff will administer the C-SSRS screener. Youth will be determined to be at suicide risk if they report “yes” to questions 4, 5, or 6 on the C-SSRS screener. SSRS. Note that if an assessment is separated over multiple days to accommodate participant time and scheduling, the C-SSRS may not be repeated, which will minimize the participant burden.

In cases at NYSPI/CUIMC in which study staff identify risk, Dr. Auerbach or Dr. Durham (both are clinical psychologists licensed in New York State) will be contacted. At Northeastern University, Dr. Aude Henin, a licensed clinical psychologist, will respond to potential suicide risk. Dr. Auerbach also is clinically licensed in Massachusetts and can help address potential risk for participants enrolled at Northeastern. A clinically licensed member of the research team with a master’s degree or higher will speak with the legal guardian(s) and adolescent as early as is feasible, conduct a clinical evaluation of the participant, and then, discuss emergency care or obtaining clinical resources within the community, accordingly. In cases of suicide risk, a clinically licensed study staff member will conduct a clinical risk assessment directly with the adolescent and guardian, and to discuss emergency care if deemed necessary. The interaction will be logged as a case note, which will provide a brief description of: (a) clinical context (e.g., interview), (b) results of risk assessment, and (c) summary of action plan. The PI and/or designated clinical coverage will then follow up with the legal guardian(s) 48-72 hours later to discuss follow-through on the plan of action and/or to further assist in finding a clinical resource.
